Questions to ask as a data scientist

Question 1
"How many data engineers are supporting the DS team?"  If the answer is something other than 0 follow up with, "Are these data engineers devoted specifically to working with DS or do they support multiple teams?"

Why ask question 1
This is perhaps the most important question you can ask as a data scientist.  If the answer is zero you should be EXTREMELY wary about joining the company as you will become the defacto data engineer which leads to a lot of problems. 
With the follow-up, you’re trying to find out if the data engineers at the company will actually have time to help you or will projects for other teams always take priority. It’s unlikely that any company smaller than 300-500 people can fully dedicate data engineers to data science. However, if the company is larger than that and is telling you that data science is critical to its success, it should have some dedicated data engineers.

Question 2
"How many data scientists are on the team?"

Why ask question 2
Do not be the first data scientist at a company if you are early in your career (< 3 years experience).  I’ve seen it lead to disaster over and over.

Question 3
"Will I be primarily focused on delivering customer-facing or internally-facing data products?"

If the answer is customer-facing, ask follow-ups like "Tell me about your user event data."  "How are the products instrumented?"
"What are some critical metrics you already track that you want to improve using data science?"

If the answer is internal-facing, ask something like, "Tell me about your data warehouse."  "Is the internal data I’ll be utilizing in the data warehouse?"  
"What are some of the most important KPIs or metrics from the teams I’ll be working with?"

Why ask question 3
The answers here will tell you a lot about what you will be doing and, importantly, how prepared the company is for that type of work.
Internal-facing data science work versus customer-facing data science work both have a mix of pros and cons too extensive to list here.  
If they don’t have well-instrumented products and/or don’t even measure the metrics they want improved, your ability to deliver value is going to be greatly impaired.

Question 4
"How many ML models are actively in use at the company today?" and/or "Do you know how many inferences they serve per day?"

Why ask question 4
Putting models into actual scale usage is the hardest part of data science for a lot of complex technical and non-technical reasons.
Ideally, any company that wants ML models from you should have some experience deploying such models.  
It’s not a deal breaker if they don't but higher numbers in the answer suggest it will be easier for you to deliver value.
If the company has little experience building and shipping models AND they have no data engineers (see question 1) the data science role will be fraught with danger.

Question 5
"Can you share the employee satisfaction scores for the data science team for the past 2 or 3 quarters?"

Why ask question 5
This question might get you some weird looks, but in my opinion, any company that cares about employees at all should have some measure of employee satisfaction. 
If they aren’t measuring this, how do they plan to even improve or at least maintain it? 
If they do measure it but can’t reveal that information in an interview, that is reasonable and hard to argue with.  
In that case, just ask follow-ups like “How often do you measure employee satisfaction?”


